VII - FELONS
(BIRD CHIRPING)
- HUGO: You're awake!
He saved you.
He said he'll bring us to the island.
He knows where it is
and he said it's called La Cuna.
- AMICIA: Wait...
- HUGO: He will find a boat too.
- AMICIA: What?
No...
- HUGO: Amicia.
...And in our house we had a dog.
But I didn't see him a lot.
- ARNAUD: Because you couldn't get out.
- HUGO: Yes.
So I imagined I was play with him.
- ARNAUD: (SCOFFS)
I see.
- HUGO: So we're here.
Where's the boat?
Where is it?
I hope it's big!
- ARNAUD: It's not far.
I'll free the horses.
We'll take a safe route
walking for the last path.
- HUGO: Sea gulls! (CHUCKLES)
- ARNAUD: Just a quick check.
May I?
It's been two days, so...
Good.
You're fixed.
Sort of.
Just let it breathe from now on.
- AMICIA: (GROANS)
- ARNAUD: It's going to hurt
from time to time.
Just breathe, and relax.
- AMICIA: Your voice doesn't help.
- ARNAUD: Stop trying to be so tough.
You might learn something.
- AMICIA: Fine.
So tell me why you came back?
Why you didn't just let me die?
Tell me why should I trust you?
Why shouldn't I let the rats
make one less problem of you?
- ARNAUD: The Count's Army is at war with us.
The Scum of Provence.
Most of my men...
My friends...
...have been killed...
...or ran away.
It's just a matter of time
before they get me.
- AMICIA: So you're running away.
- ARNAUD: Yes.
The ... is ... already
but you have something I don't.
- AMICIA: Rats.
- ARNAUD: The safest way out
of this mess for the most wanted man.
I know where your island is.
All you must do...
...is keep me alive... until we get there.
- HUGO: Amicia, come!
Come and see!
- AMICIA: I'm coming!
Be... very... careful!
This...
...is a constant remider
that I should kill you.
So, what have you found?
- HUGO: You don't smell it?
- AMICIA: I smell horses and...
Urgh... Oh... Lord, is it me?
- HUGO: (CHUCKLES) No.
It smells like seaweed.
Come on.
- AMICIA: Wait, we need to talk.
- HUGO: Not now! The sea is right there.
- AMICIA: Hugo! It's important!
- HUGO: Come on, Amicia!
I've got something to show you.
Yahhh...
- AMICIA: Huh... Hugo!
- HUGO: Give me all your money!
- AMICIA: I hope you didn't tell him
about the dream and anything else.
- HUGO: You'll never catch me alive!
- AMICIA: Hugo, come back!
I don't want to play!
- HUGO: And I don't talk to chicken!
- AMICIA: Is it that hard for you
to be nice you little...
Well... At least he looks better.
- HUGO: Amicia, we're here!
- AMICIA: Hugo, you didn't answer!
- ARNAUD: Let's go.
We're not here to enjoy the view.
- AMICIA: Tell me where we're going first.
- ARNAUD: To get your boat.
I know someone.
- AMICIA: Who?
- ARNAUD: A smuggler.
Discreet ship. Fast. What you need.
- AMICIA: Great. More felons!
- ARNAUD: Yes, get used to it.
This is your life now.
So if you want to get to La Cuna
after the mess you've made...
It's that boat or ten miles fucking swim.
- HUGO: I can't wait to get on a boat!
- ARNAUD: Huh... You see that?
That is the right attitude.
- AMICIA: (MIMIC ARNAUD VOICE)
"That is the right attitude."
- HUGO: Ah... It's too high.
- ARNAUD: Jump.
I'll catch you.
- HUGO: Whoo!
- AMICIA: Hey! Careful!
- HUGO: Thank you!
- AMICIA: Fine!
(WIND HOWLING)
Can't you wait for me?
- ARNAUD: You're not light.
Your sister feeds you well.
- HUGO: I love eating.
Hey! Look down there!
- AMICIA: Stop going so damn fast!
- ARNAUD: He's the one sprinting.
Slow down, shorty.
We have wounded.
- AMICIA: How considerate!
- HUGO: Wow...
There're so many!
Is it... a bird army?
- ARNAUD: Looks like it.
And I say
you should sound the charge.
- HUGO: Can I? Amicia?
- AMICIA: If you want,
just stay in view.
- ARNAUD: Come on, soldier. Charge!
- HUGO: Charge!!!!!!!!!!
- ARNAUD: (LAUGHS)
- HUGO: (LAUGHS)
- ARNAUD: If we had more like him in our ranks,
we would've pushed back the English a long time ago.
- AMICIA: What do you know of war?
- ARNAUD: I was a knight back then, in Guyenne.
- AMICIA: Oh...
We-we're from Guyenne.
- ARNAUD: It was a waste.
- AMICIA: It was.
- HUGO: Hey, did you see my charge?
- AMICIA: Yes, they won't come back soon.
- HUGO: I could be a soldier.
- ARNAUD: (CHUCKLES) No doubt.
- AMICIA: Oh, I don't think so.
- ARNAUD: One day
he'll be big enough to choose.
- AMICIA: (SCOFFS) We'll see.
- ARNAUD: Here we are.
- AMICIA: Don't tell me that's your boat.
- ARNAUD: Of course not.
But it leads to it.
See that pole?
There's a rope on it.
Pull the boat from there
while I push on my side.
You think you can do it?
- AMICIA: Not sure...
I might break.
- ARNAUD: (SCOFFS)
When you're ready.
- HUGO: I'll help you, Amicia.
- ARNAUD: Good.
Keep going.
- HUGO: Arnaud!
- ARNAUD: What?
- HUGO: Get back!
- ARNAUD: What the hell?
Oh shit! Shit!
- AMICIA: (LAUGHS)
They like you, it seems.
- HUGO: (LAUGHS) Yes...
- ARNAUD: They almost got me!
You're sick, goddammit!
- AMICIA: Oh, come on!
Fine! Let's clear the way.
- HUGO: I could make them move.
- AMICIA: Last time it didn't end well.
- HUGO: It's not the same. I can do it.
- AMICIA: Yes... Let's try.
- HUGO: (GRUNTS)
- AMICIA: Go easy, alright?
- HUGO: Yes.
- ARNAUD: Alright... They're...
They're really obeying you.
How do you do that?
- HUGO: Done!
- AMICIA: Let's go then.
- ARNAUD: They won't...
follow us, right?
- AMICIA: I don't know.
How appetising do you feel?
- ARNAUD: Hmmm...
Hungry bastards.
Erm... No offence, shorty.
- AMICIA: So this leads
to your smugglers?
- ARNAUD: Yes, it's a shortcut.
- AMICIA: There're rats in your shortcut,
you know that?
- ARNAUD: Er... Erm... Yes...
Which means less soldiers.
And... we have the boy, no?
- AMICIA: Lord...
I don't like this.
- HUGO: Uh oh...
- ARNAUD: What?
There're millions!
- AMICIA: Happy now?
We're crossing anyway.
- ARNAUD: Great.
- HUGO: Don't be scared!
- ARNAUD: Really?
Hey shorty, they're obey you.
Just send them all into the sea.
- HUGO: I can only control
a few at a time.
- ARNAUD: Oh great!
Hey! What's that stuff?
You used it against my men.
- AMICIA: Alchemy.
Secret recipe.
- ARNAUD: I-I don't want a recipe
I just hope it hold.
- AMICIA: You'll see.
(RATS SQUEAKING)
Up. Quick!
- HUGO: Sure.
- AMICIA: Climb up.
- HUGO: Alright.
- ARNAUD: Alright, look!
The caves keep going on over there.
That's our path.
- AMICIA: So that's the "shortcut" to you?
- ARNAUD: Yes, well... with those rats,
I'd say we go back out.
- AMICIA: No! I'll lead the way.
You follow, and obey.
- ARNAUD: As long as
we make it out alive.
- AMICIA: This will help.
- ARNAUD: That tiny stick?
- AMICIA: Just...
(SCOFFS) follow.
Stay close to me.
We're going.
- ARNAUD: I'm trusting you here.
- AMICIA: Hey, don't squeeze.
It won't make me go any faster.
(GROUND RUMBLING)
- ARNAUD: Sorry... Pretty hard
to relax right now.
- HUGO: We've done this a lot.
- ARNAUD: Well, I don't envy you.
- AMICIA: Here we are. Easy!
- ARNAUD: That's the word
I was searching for.
- HUGO: You really don't like rats.
- ARNAUD: Nobody does, shorty.
- HUGO: Wow...
- AMICIA: Oh no...
- ARNAUD: What?
What is that?
- AMICIA: It's a nest.
- ARNAUD: Well... Don't tell me
we're going in there.
- AMICIA: We are.
- ARNAUD: We shouldn't.
- AMICIA: It's that or stay here.
A cart.
Your smugglers must have abandoned it.
- ARNAUD: I really don't see why.
- AMICIA: Alright.
Take a breath.
Let's go.
- HUGO: It's going to be horrible, Amicia.
- ARNAUD: Come on, even the boy's scared.
Are you sure about this?
- AMICIA: I'm sure there's no other way.
The cart's likely cover us.
- ARNAUD: I'm not ready for this.
The stench.
What is that thing?
Makes my skin crawled.
- AMICIA: They make it.
From things they catch.
- HUGO: Like people.
- ARNAUD: Bloody hell!
You said you lived in Guyenne.
It all started there...
You...
- HUGO: I didn't do it on purpose!
- ARNAUD: You started this?
- AMICIA: He can't do anything about it, alright?
We're stuck with those things
just like everybody else.
- ARNAUD: This is the hell we all deserve.
- HUGO: I want it to stop.
- AMICIA: We'll get to La Cuna.
We'll cure you.
- ARNAUD: That's crazy.
Damn...
How big is that thing?
- HUGO: Could be huge.
- AMICIA: Through here, I think.
Careful.
- ARNAUD: Oh shit!
- HUGO: Arnaud!
- AMICIA: Lord... no!
- ARNAUD: They're coming for me!
I need light, fast!
- AMICIA: Wait, wait, I'll do it!
There.
- HUGO: Yes.
- ARNAUD: God... damn!
Pieces of shit!
- AMICIA: You're alright? No bite?
- ARNAUD: I'm good.
Except I'm stuck and they're looking at me
like I'm a piece of roast meat!
- AMICIA: Hugo, we should leave, now.
- HUGO: What? Why?
- AMICIA: He's dangerous.
- HUGO: So are you.
And... I'm even more dangerous.
But we need him.
- ARNAUD: Hey!
I need you down here!
- AMICIA: I... (SIGHS) Alright, fine.
- HUGO: Amicia, look!
The yellow crystals!
It's Episanguis.
- AMICIA: You're right.
It's back!
Arnaud!
- ARNAUD: Ah... finally!
- AMICIA: There're yellow crystals near you.
Break one off and throw it to me.
- ARNAUD: Alright.
I'm ready.
On your go!
- AMICIA: Perfect!
Won't work alone now.
I need to add this into something.
Here, Odoris, let's try it!
Arnaud, see that high ground
with the crank?
When I move the rats
out of your way, you run for it.
- ARNAUD: Yes, whatever.
- AMICIA: Now!
- HUGO: It works!
- ARNAUD: Yes.
I don't know what that was
but you saved my skin.
- AMICIA: We're not out yet.
What's that crank for?
- ARNAUD: No idea. We could try it.
- AMICIA: I leave it to you, Arnaud.
- ARNAUD: Let's go.
Looks like something
you could use, no?
With your...
crossbow magic.
- AMICIA: Let me see.
There, it should hold.
- ARNAUD: Tell me when to release it!
- AMICIA: You can let go.
- ARNAUD: On my way.
- HUGO: Run, Arnaud!
- ARNAUD: You bet, I will.
Ha... What the hell?
There's something sticky on the ground.
- AMICIA: It's only blood.
The remains of the prey.
And something they secrete, I think.
- HUGO: Don't worry,
it's not dangerous.
- ARNAUD: Are you joking?
I'm burning these boots.
- AMICIA: Come on!
You're almost there.
- ARNAUD: Bloody...
Rotten... Crap!
(PANTING) I'm here.
- AMICIA: Yes, feeling alive?
- ARNAUD: I've...
been in a hundred battles.
Looked death in the eye
about as many times.
But these little turds...
They make me feel like a fresh recruit.
- HUGO: Now you're trained!
- ARNAUD: You're the patron saint of optimism.
So...
Do you have any tricks left
to keep us going?
- AMICIA: No...
I don't see anything to shoot at.
And I have nothing
that would last long enough.
- ARNAUD: No no,
we're getting out of here.
Wait.
I know.
Shoot one of your
flamming bolts at my shield.
- AMICIA: What? But it will burn.
- ARNAUD: (CHUCKLES)
Does it look like it cares?
- AMICIA: Alright... I'll do it.
- ARNAUD: Ah...
I felt that... Good.
When you're ready.
Quick, please!
- AMICIA: Let's go.
- ARNAUD: Oh... we're doing this.
Mark my words.
Out of the way!
- HUGO: Yes! Shoo!
- ARNAUD: Look at the cowards
crawling back to their holes!
Ha... That's it!
Fall back before the might of The Wall.
- AMICIA: See? You're getting used to them.
- HUGO: (LAUGHS) Yes.
They're scared of you now.
- ARNAUD: Bloody hell.
My arm feels like it's aflame, no?
- HUGO: But you're The Wall.
- ARNAUD: And this wall
has taken enough blows, shorty!
My body is as battled as my shield.
- HUGO: Ewww...
- ARNAUD: That's war for you.
- AMICIA: We're nearly there.
Hold on a bit longer.
- ARNAUD: Oh, I'll hold.
It's what I do.
Alright, enough.
- AMICIA: Did you get burnt?
- ARNAUD: I wouldn't say that.
Just a good sweat.
Let's keep going.
- AMICIA: Jump down, go!
- HUGO: Will do.
Oh...
Is it the big wreck?
- ARNAUD: It is.
We're almost there.
Her hideout is on the other side
of that boat.
- AMICIA: "Her."
- ARNAUD: Yes... Sophia...
The Sea Scorpion.
She's the leader.
- HUGO: She sounds scary.
- ARNAUD: Less scary than those damn biters.
- AMICIA: We'll see when we meet her.
Come on. One last effort.
So, these smugglers,
how many are there?
- ARNAUD: A bunch.
Scums she gathered
from all around the Mediterranean Sea.
Sophia is their lighthouse in the dark.
They see her as a saint.
- AMICIA: Is she... a saint?
- ARNAUD: Oh no.
(DISTANT CHATTER)
- HUGO: Woah... It's a big boat.
- SOLDIER 1: Hey! You found any tracks?
- AMICIA: Shh...
- SOLDIER 2: Nothing. You sure
there're still people here with those rats?
- ARNAUD: Stay low.
- HUGO: Soldiers.
- SOLDIER 2: Look around ya.
This place is a bloody maze!
Listen, if we bring back ... smugglers,
the Count will decorate us.
- ARNAUD: Yes, soldiers.
I'll get rid of them.
- AMICIA: No, I'll do it.
- ARNAUD: Still pretty sharp.
- AMICIA: Thanks.
- ARNAUD: You could do better though.
- AMICIA: (SCOFFS)
- ARNAUD: (SCREAMING)
(RATS SQUEAKING)
- AMICIA: Come along. Up.
- HUGO: On my way.
- SOLDIER: What's that?
- AMICIA: We're on the other side
of the wreck, so where now?
- SOLDIER: (SCREAMING)
- ARNAUD: That torch.
Down there, by the wreck.
It's there.
- AMICIA: Good.
- ARNAUD: I hope Sophia is still there.
- AMICIA: What? Why wouldn't she be?
- ARNAUD: Oh, she's pretty... unpredictable.
- AMICIA: No no no.
She has to be.
Get down there.
- HUGO: Got it.
- AMICIA: Yes. We're here.
- HUGO: I'm scared she's a scorpion.
- AMICIA: No, come on.
I'll be fine.
Through here?
- ARNAUD: Yes.
A discreet way for discreet people.
- AMICIA: Water.
- ARNAUD: The hideout is just at the end.
- HUGO: No... No!
I'm scared of the waves.
- AMICIA: Oh come on!
It's just sea water, look!
- ARNAUD: She's right.
- HUGO: But... it's deep!
- AMICIA: Hugo, please.
I'm tired.
Just...
Think of your island.
- HUGO: But there are waves.
- ARNAUD: We're almost there.
Can't you argue later?
- AMICIA: Don't you start to.
I'll take your hand...
- HUGO: It's bad...
- ARNAUD: Enough. I'll carry you
all the way and that's it.
- HUGO: Alright.
- ARNAUD: Good.
There you go.
- AMICIA: Lord...
- ARNAUD: Is that high enough for you?
(CHUCKLES) Look...
You're not even touching the water.
- HUGO: Yes.
- ARNAUD: Well... Everyday can't be easy
when you're that small.
- AMICIA: Depends on the day.
- ARNAUD: Are you still scared?
- HUGO: No.
- ARNAUD: (CHUCKLES) Now you know
why they call me The Wall.
- HUGO: Because you're like a fort?
- ARNAUD: Exactly.
Nothing gets past me.
- HUGO: And your shield looks like a wall too.
- ARNAUD: How's it going back there?
- AMICIA: It's all fine.
Now that he's calmed down.
Well...
Thank you, Arnaud.
- HUGO: Yes. Thank you!
- ARNAUD: Time to meet the Sea Scorpion.
I know you like to lead...
But I better pass first.
- AMICIA: Well...
Be my guest.
- ARNAUD: It's me, goddammit.
- SOPHIA: Let him pass.
Arnaud.
Even those rot-eating rats didn't want you.
- ARNAUD: I've got help.
- SOPHIA: Look at that.
I like the new crew.
- ARNAUD: This is Amicia and Hugo.
The one has potential.
The big sister...
...still needs to be tamed.
- AMICIA: Try that.
- ARNAUD: You see?
- SOPHIA: I see you left your mark on her already.
Don't be ashamed, sweetheart.
It suits you.
What do you want?
- ARNAUD: Your boat. We need to go
to La Cuna. No questions asked.
- SOPHIA: We're done, Arnaud.
The Count's Army is on our back.
And...
Thousands of rats
are shitting on my doorstep.
This place is over.
I'm disbanding the crew.
- ARNAUD: Then...
Come along.
Sophia, you owe me.
- SOPHIA: Alright then.
The Call of The Sea it is.
I need some time off.
Who cares.
One thing, though.
- ARNAUD: Go on.
- SOPHIA: If you ever hurt her
in front of me...
I'll kill you.
- ARNAUD: (LONG CHUCKLES)
Deal.
- SOPHIA: By the way...
The Count's men
put my boat in dry dock.
- ARNAUD: Oh, The Call of The Sea, huh?
- SOPHIA: That part's also true.
I need a word with my crew.
Go ahead to the village.
My boat is there. I'll join you.
- ARNAUD: Sure.
Let's go.
- MAN 1: So... Is this time of year
when you quit everything?
- SOPHIA: I'm afraid
it's for good this time.
- MAN 2: Sure. We'll play jacks
and wait for you to come back.
As always.
(RAINING SOUND)
- HUGO: Oh...
It's raining a lot.
- ARNAUD: Yes. Must be a heat storm.
You see the light?
It's the lighthouse from the fishermen's village.
Sophia's boat is there.
- AMICIA: Are we really going to sail
in this weather?
- SOLDIER: Hey! Who are you?
- AMICIA: Damn, no.
- SOLDIER: Get over here!
- ARNAUD: (DRAWS SWORD) Stay here.
- AMICIA: What are you doing?
- SOLDIER: Ey, stop!
- HUGO: Wow...
- AMICIA: Now you've done it.
There's another one coming.
- ARNAUD: So what?
I'll take care of him.
Say the word.
Command and I'll execute.
- AMICIA: Lord...
He's all yours, Arnaud.
- ARNAUD: (DRAWS SWORD)
Yahhh... Come here!
- AMICIA: Well done.
- ARNAUD: It's what I do.
- AMICIA: I can see that.
Arnaud, go after this one!
He's all yours, Arnaud.
- ARNAUD: (DRAWS SWORD)
- SOLDIER: There're intruders
in the area. Start looking.
(SOLDIERS SCREAMING)
- AMICIA: Breathe.
(SOLDIER SCREAMING)
- AMICIA: This place
is getting worse than Guyenne.
- ARNAUD: We're making good progress.
How's the head?
- AMICIA: Fine.
- HUGO: I like your new hair.
- ARNAUD: Thank me.
- AMICIA: Oh please.
(THUNDERING NOISE)
- HUGO: The rain is getting worse.
- AMICIA: It's just the storm.
- ARNAUD: Let's hope it calms down
before we get to that boat.
- AMICIA: Let's hope we get to it
in the first place.
- SOLDIER 1: It's bad luck I tell you!
It's just a boat!
- SOLDIER 2: It's called la Rascasse!
That fish is bad luck!
- SOLDIER 1: Everything's
bad luck with you. Come on.
Keep patroling and watch your arms.
- AMICIA: We're getting close.
- HUGO: The boat looks so big
from this close.
- AMICIA: Still, we've got a problem
and it wears armour.
- ARNAUD: Never makes a man immortal.
- AMICIA: It can be dealt with.
Arnaud, take care of him!
- ARNAUD: (DRAWS SWORD)
Ready to fight!
- SOLDIER: Y'all finished!
- AMICIA: Up we go.
- HUGO: Yes.
- AMICIA: Come on. Up.
Looks safe.
- ARNAUD: Yes... It'll do.
- HUGO: It's there!
Amicia, can we go see
even without Sophia?
- AMICIA: I don't know, Hugo.
- ARNAUD: I can take him.
Get some rest.
It'll be fine.
We'll be just there.
- AMICIA: Set the rats on him
if he's not nice.
- HUGO: Yes.
- ARNAUD: Don't be so happy
when she says things like that.
(LOUD DOOR KNOCKING SOUND)
- SOPHIA: Open up!
Open up!
- SOLDIER: Got you!
You got nowhere to run!
And the Count doesn't need you alive!
- AMICIA: Are you alright?
- SOPHIA: No.
We just met...
And I already owe you.
- AMICIA: You don't owe me anything.
- SOPHIA: You don't make the rules.
- AMICIA: Fine.
We can be friends if that helps.
- SOPHIA: Let's try.
But... You'll end up wanting to kill me too.
Caught your breath yet?
Ready to go?
- AMICIA: So... that's the Rascasse, right?
- SOPHIA: The one and only.
I hope they didn't ruin it.
- AMICIA: Arnaud, where's Hugo?
- HUGO: I'm here.
It's amazing!
- AMICIA: What're you doing outside?
Get in the cabin, you're soaked.
- HUGO: Yes! To the cabin!
- ARNAUD: So, how do we get this thing
into the water?
- SOPHIA: Go and lift the anchor with Amicia
while I check the route to La Cuna.
It's the crank at the prow.
- ARNAUD: Leave this to me.
- AMICIA: Yes.
(THUNDERING NOISE)
(RAINING SOUND)
It's not light.
- ARNAUD: It's an anchor.
It's made to anchor.
- AMICIA: It's stuck.
- ARNAUD: Sophia, I think
they've blocked the anchor.
- SOPHIA: (SCOFFS)
Bastards.
Go to that pontoon with the crank.
It controls the chain.
- ARNAUD: Bloody rats.
Can you do something about them?
- AMICIA: I'll look.
Food's ready.
- ARNAUD: Good shot!
- AMICIA: Safe to go.
- AMICIA: Sophia doesn't seem
to like you much.
- ARNAUD: It changes with the wind.
But she owes me either way.
- AMICIA: What for?
- ARNAUD: For not killing her
when I was ordered to.
- AMICIA: I see.
- ARNAUD: That chain
is blocking the anchor.
(WAVES CRASHING)
- AMICIA: Arnaud,
I need a hand.
- ARNAUD: That's my job.
We're almost there.
Your brother will soon see La Cuna.
- AMICIA: I hope he will.
- ARNAUD: Break that thing.
- AMICIA: Yes.
- ARNAUD: Good shot.
- AMICIA: Let's pull this anchor up
and set sail.
He likes you,
so you should know...
Hugo's dying.
- ARNAUD: What?
- AMICIA: His blood is poisoned.
If there's a remedy,
it's on that island.
- ARNAUD: Then let's make sure
he gets there.
- AMICIA: Oh, he will.
- HUGO: Amicia,
are we leaving?
- AMICIA: Hey, what did I say?
Go back inside the cabin.
- HUGO: Yes, captain!
- AMICIA: Let's finish with this anchor.
- SOPHIA: Hey...
Did you do it?
- AMICIA: Yes, the anchor's up.
- SOPHIA: Great! Now hoy the main sails
together. On the upper deck.
- AMICIA: Aye aye, captain!
- HUGO: Aye aye, captain!
- ARNAUD: Let's get up there.
- AMICIA: We're so close.
- ARNAUD: I'll take port-side.
- AMICIA: Er... Right...
I'll take... the other one.
- ARNAUD: When you're ready.
- AMICIA: Alright, go!
Yes, we're doing it.
We're leaving this place.
What? The sail
is not deploying on my side!
- ARNAUD: Well, it should.
- AMICIA: Sophia, come!
- SOPHIA: What now?
Crap!
Those arseholes tied up my sail?
- ARNAUD: Then let's untie it.
- SOPHIA: We don't have time
to go up there.
- AMICIA: I could try to cut it.
- SOPHIA: Yes, get on the starboard pontoon.
You'll get a better angle.
Just don't damage the sail.
- HUGO: What's going on?
- AMICIA: Nothing. Get ready.
We're leaving for La Cuna.
- HUGO: La Cuna?
We're really going to La Cuna?
You can do it, Amicia!
- SOPHIA: Please don't hurt my boat.
- ARNAUD: She'll do it. She's good.
- AMICIA: A lock.
- HUGO: Amicia, quick!
Amicia, we're sailing!
We're on the sea!
For real.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
(MAIN THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
- HUGO: Whoo Hoo!!
I'm a pirate!!
- ARNAUD: Hey, where're you going, sailor?
Do you have a dead wish
in this family or what?
(CHUCKLES) It's alright. I've got you.
♪♪♪
- HUGO: To La Cuna!!